                                             Brief introduction of CyberAPI 
Cyber Intellectuals CyberAPI an API driven Fintech SAAS solution serving as single point unified Eco system to solve Cyber Attacks and technology gaps for Internet of things and Enterprise clients.
This product grass rooted after Sumit Dhoopar( CEO and Co-Founder ) while working for one of United States largest retailer in specialized team of Cyber Security saw cyber-attacks spawning every day and despite corporations every effort to stop they continued because of its vast complex infrastructure. Many different cyber and technology solution were evaluated to detect and prevent but no product can solve all the problems independently because of scaling factor issues where if one solution can detect the attack, it was unable to prevent it due to bypass mechanisms used by attack vector. At same time client had to suffer resources cost and concerns that if their infrastructure changes how can they adapt and continue protecting themselves. That is where Cyberintellectuals CyberAPI comes into reality where CyberAPI Eco System connected with various API integrations from advanced solutions will solve the scaling issue and can be hosted in Clients environment with a single API integration.
This is most revolutionizing key factor where big or smaller corporations in Enterprise, Internet of things and Blockchain space don’t have to evaluate or install various products to protect their environment and with one CyberAPI integration they can save millions of dollars in resources cost plus time without changing their infrastructure. CyberAPI SAAS based solution will do the heavy load task for clients in background and with its single pane of glass integration clients will be benefited from the enriched true data so to be protected from unknown attacks  and with change in infrastructure( Enterprise, Cloud or Internet of Things platforms) resource utilization on their end will be minimum.
CyberAPI collaborates as system integrator with world’s leading technology providers excelled in different technology verticals( Advanced persistent threat, network analysis, sandboxing and quarantining, data loss/Data prevention, monitoring, threat intelligence services, honeypots, bot detection and many more) and serve as one single source API connector to all. This Eco System integration will also help Vendor space that way to scale up their product what they have not been able to deliver.
CyberAPI is designed keeping in mind emerging technologies such as Blockchain, Internet of things, which are rapidly growing platforms to make those planforms more efficient, secure and seamless connection to different end clients that uses the platform.
CyberAPI will change the emerging market and will play a significant role in Consumer product and their life’s.
